Calculator Example for Vibe Coding
==================================

Download this repository to your computer and open `index.html` in
your browser (double-clicking it will be fine) to use the calculator.

This calculator was generated by Amp with the prompt:

> Make a calculator app, include the scientific functions

It is used for various in-class activities.

# Week 4

This calculator app will grow more features in the future. To do that
we need tests. You task is to refactor the `Calculator` class to be
testable. Specifically, move all UI-update logic out of the class.

The calculator should still work. Then submit the Canvas quiz.

# Week 5

The calculator has two square-root buttons. You must:

1. Replace the one labeled `√` with a `1/x` function. It must work.
2. Then swap the one labeled `√x` with the `π` button. Both must work.

You'll do so using only tools available to an AI agent. Specifically,
*do not* open any files in VS Code. *Only* use the terminal. In the
terminal, run `python agent_repl.py`. This program gives you access to
the tools AI agents have:

- `view <file>` prints that file
- `edit <file> <A> <B>` finds-replaces `<A>` with `<B>` in that file
- `bash <command> ...` runs a terminal command like `ls`
- `undo <file>` undoes your last change to that file
- `reset` undoes all changes you made

Be careful with `edit`! It will change *all* instances of `<A>` to
`<B>`, not just the one you intend. Make sure the calculator works.
Then submit the Canvas quiz.
